This new publication, Love People Make Disciples, is being made available in both print and digital formats in over 400 languages.
How is the brochure designed to help us show love for people we meet?
Unlike the tools we've used in the past, this new brochure does not give us expressions to memorize, nor does it put the emphasis on leaving literature.
Rather, it features 12 lessons that focus on qualities we need to cultivate to make disciples.
All the lessons are based on Bible accounts, in which Jesus or another 1st century evangelizer displayed a specific quality in the ministry.
The lessons will help us see how we can imitate the qualities they demonstrated as we make disciples.
Each lesson contains a video that brings the account to life. A woman of Samaria came to draw water.
Give me a drink.
By cultivating an interest in people, we can talk about things that are on their minds.
What truths might we share with people once a conversation is started?
Appendix A highlights basic Bible truths that we love to teach.
Make it your goal to learn these basic truths and the scriptures that support them.
If you do, you will be more effective in starting conversations and in making disciples.
For example, a conversation can be started by asking a simple question, such as,
Have you heard that God will soon end all suffering?
Or, did you know that the earth's environment will be restored?
Sharing a simple truth at the right time is powerful.
Jesus said his sheep would listen to his voice.
In other words, rightly disposed ones will recognize the truth when they hear it expressed simply.
Appendix B helps us to determine whether to continue a conversation.
Appendix C provides practical suggestions on how to conduct Bible studies and enjoy life forever.
What if you don't feel comfortable starting conversations?
Don't worry.
Beginning in January 2024, the apply yourself portion of each midweek meeting will help us to practice the points we are learning in this new brochure.
The meeting will no longer focus on presenting a predetermined topic in scripture.
Rather, students will select topics for their assignments that they know are on the minds of those in their community.
By means of realistic demonstrations, audience discussions, and talks, our meetings will assist us to develop skills that will help us start conversations naturally and adapt to each person's concerns and needs.
By focusing on people, we will become more comfortable and more effective as we make disciples.
As you consider each lesson, think carefully about how you can demonstrate the highlighted qualities when conversing with people in your community.
Ask yourself, what are their concerns and needs?
As you go about your activities, be observant.
Work for appropriate opportunities to help people in practical ways.
Acts of kindness can open the door to share kingdom truth.
Show that you care by listening to others when they express themselves.
Share a simple truth at the right time.
Remember, our goal is not to memorize the presentation, but to demonstrate Christ's like love to everyone we meet.
This will require patience, perseverance, and commitment.
No matter where we live, or under what circumstances we are preaching,
simply showing love will help us to find joy in our ministry.
More than any specific technique, actively expressing our love for others will help us make disciples.